      I cannot deny It: when I saw for the first time that people in
my country began to know the meaning of the radical sign in
mathematics, clear tears of joy came to my eyes.

				George Christoph Lichtenberg
 
     If a man who cannot count finds a four leaf clover, is he
entitled to happiness?

				Stanislaw Jerzy Lec
 
     Two parallel lines meet somewhere in infinity ... and they
believe it.

				Ibid.
 
     Many a zero thinks that it is the ellipse on which the world
travels.

				Ibid.
 
     It is easy to form a chain from a string of zeros.

				Ibid.
 
     This principle is so perfectly general that no particular
application of it is possible.

				G. Polya
 
     Geometry is the art of correct reasoning on incorrect figures.

				Ibid.
 
     What is the difference between method and device?  A method is a
device which you can use twice.

				Ibid.
 
     The different branches of arithmetic ... ambition, distraction,
uglification, and derision.

				Lewis Carroll
 
 
     All animals are equal, but some are more equal than others.

				George Orwell, Animal Farm
 
     The mathematicians are a sort of frenchman: when you talk to
them, they immediately translate it into their own language, and right
away it is something entirely different.

				Goethe
 
     I had a feeling once about mathematics ... that I saw it all.
depth beyond depth was revealed to me ... the byss and the abyss. i
saw ... as one might see the transit of venus or even the lord mayors
show ... a quantity passing through infinity and changing its sign
from plus to minus.  I saw exactly why it happened and why the
tergiversation was inevitable ... but it was after dinner and I let it
go.

				Winston Churchill
 
     Mathematics contains much that will neither hurt one if one does
not know it nor help one if one does know it.

				J. B. mencken
 
     To the eye of god there are no numbers: seeing all things at one
time, he counts nothing.

				Etienne Bonnot de Condillac
 
     When the angles (with the saxons) invaded england, they descended
on what was later the land debatable, that is, the north of england
and the south of scotland.  The acute angles went north and the obtuse
ones south.

				Anon.  (Presumably a scot)
cat: no-such-file: No such file or directory
